Removes images in k0s config create by default (#2621)
k0sproject/k0s: docs/configuration.md

    storage:
      create_default_storage_class: false
      type: external_storage

>   images:

Reviewer: Are there any other places in the docs that list all the images that k0s will use? I wonder if it would make sense to have _some_ place in the docs where they're listed.

      version: v1.7.0
```

> If you want to get the default values or the full struct, use `k0s config create --include-images`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want the list of default images and their versions to be included, use `k0s config create --include-images`.
```

or something similar, "default values or the full struct" seems wrong.
